Updated Firecracker doc. (#1269)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: README.md

has a minimalist design. It excludes unnecessary devices and guest-facing
functionality to reduce the memory footprint and attack surface area of each
microVM. This improves security, decreases the startup time, and increases

> hardware utilization. Firecracker currently supports Intel, AMD and Arm CPUs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hardware utilization. Firecracker currently supports Intel, AMD (beta) and ARM CPUs. 
```

Reviewer 2: ARM support is also considered beta.

Reviewer 3: @iulianbarbu @dianpopa fixd

Reviewer 3: @sandreim @dianpopa fixd

> hardware utilization. Firecracker currently supports Intel, AMD (beta) and Arm

Reviewer 4: I propose using "public preview" or "preview" for the step between development and general availability. This is consistent with both our [roadmap](https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker/projects/13) and a more user-oriented view of things.

> Firecracker can also be integrated in container runtimes. Checkout 

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
Firecracker can also be integrated in container runtimes. Check out 
```

Author: Fixed it here: https://github.com/firecracker-microvm/firecracker/compare/97edf46d827772c879f2d0a00c67df2597279cd4..909692079f3b6d3fc894f9e74ffbc0bf023403c2.

> [Kata Containers with Firecracker.](https://github.com/kata-containers/documentation/wiki/Initial-release-of-Kata-Containers-with-Firecracker-support)

Reviewer 4: We should also mention [Ignite](https://github.com/weaveworks/ignite)

has a minimalist design. It excludes unnecessary devices and guest-facing
functionality to reduce the memory footprint and attack surface area of each
microVM. This improves security, decreases the startup time, and increases
hardware utilization. Firecracker currently supports Intel, AMD and Arm CPUs. 

> Firecracker will also be integrated with popular container runtimes.

Reviewer 2: There are some container runtimes which are currently integrated with Firecracker. I d rephrase this sentence for accuracy reasons to something like: "Firecracker can also be integrated in container runtimes. Checkout [Kata Containers with Firecracker](https://github.com/kata-containers/documentation/wiki/Initial-release-of-Kata-Containers-with-Firecracker-support)".
